Now that's it for the grid. As I mentioned,
check out the official docs for all features,
one thing that I want to show you is that on ion-grid, you can also add fixed. If you don't add it, by
default the grid takes the full width of the screen, with fixed,
it actually also takes breakpoints into account to use a fixed width, a pixel fixed width instead of the
full width which you see on bigger screens
if you now actually add a new ion-column let's say in the second row here, row 2 col 1 and we
repeat that.
Now what you will see for that second row which should take the full available width, there is more
space to the right and that's not the default padding
and it becomes wider because now the overall grid has a fixed width across which it will not grow
and this can be helpful if you have a page where at some point, you don't want to take the full available
width,
let's say this page is viewed on a TV, then maybe you still want to have a certain area for the grid
and not take 100% of the available width.
Now that is only the case if you added fixed as an attribute to ion-grid,
if you don't add this, then the grid will always span 100% of the page width. But that's it for
the grid,
as I mentioned check the official docs to learn all about it and see more examples and what you'll also
learn there and what we'll dive into in the styling and theming module is that you can also overwrite
these breakpoints with CSS and CSS variables, a feature I will dive into in the styling and theming
section.
So here you can already learn more about that, that you can overwrite certain settings for the grid in
case you want to adjust it to your requirements,
otherwise you learned how to work with the defaults and still set up your own layout with the help
of the size and the offset attributes and these responsive attributes with sm, md, lg and so on.